Down the Tip of the Needle
CHAPTER I
     
     The amber, warm light of the washroom crawled in through the tiny crack of the closed door and reflected on the needle at the end of the loaded syringe. Blessed shine of paradise’s door. Her delicate hand laced the rubber band around her arm, just above the elbow, and while holding one end with her mouth she tugged the band, squeezing her soft skin. She shifted the syringe to her right hand and started pumping the blood with repetitive, vigorous grasping movements. A clear map of blue lines surfaced on her skin, like rivers drawn on a map. 
     Her teeth chewed on the rubber band's end, still tucked in her mouth. Anticipation and anxiety sinking in and causing a small, natural, rush before the big bass drop. She edged the needle towards the thicker of the blue lines and gently forced it in, piercing the skin and reaching the vein. She barely felt any pain, with all the adrenaline that was already flooding her. Applying a slight pressure on the plunger, she contemplated with satisfaction as a wisp of crimson blood streamed into the clear liquid in the barrel, indicating the tip of the needle was on the sweet spot. 
     Goosebumps formed all over the back of her neck and forearm, a droplet of sweat sliding down her spine. With a steady, careful movement, she pressed the plunger down until the seal touched the very end of the barrel, her mouth releasing the rubber band, easing the pressure, and allowing the river to flow.
     The blissful load poured into her. Burning ice freezing and numbing its way up through her veins, overtaking any sensations from her arm, chest, the whole body. She started shivering. Ecstasy hit her, an irresistible tsunami dragging away every contact with the external world. From deep within, a growing sense of despair screamed, the echoes surfacing above the relentless current of orgastic pleasure. 
     She had never felt so overwhelmed before. 
     Somewhere, in those endless seconds, her eyes closed against her will. A muffed “Aaaahhhh...” escaped from her mouth, as she fazed out and troubled memories washed over her.

CHAPTER II
     
     It was a warm spring afternoon. Birds sang atop the trees, trying to allure their pairs. Buds sprouted around the many gardens of the neighborhood, almost ready to bloom. Little children ran and laughed, cherishing the good weather. People enjoyed the sunshine's heat that finally grew strong after the cold winter, bright smiles on their faces. Such a perfect day. There was no smile on her face.
     Dragging her feet, head looking down, eyes lost in melancholic thoughts, she moved through the stone pathway that crossed the front yard of her family's house. With the same lack of energy, she turned the gilded door handle and stepped inside.
     "Hi Mom, I'm home." She said, her loud voice echoing in the entrance hall and large, empty living room. Nobody answered back. She closed the door and kept walking in, repeating the greeting "Mom? Are you there?" No answer.
     As she walked through the main floor hallway, she had the impression of hearing some muttering coming from the far kitchen. /Blasted big house./ She thought. /People can't even hear each other without walking down a damned hallway./ She kept on, slowly dragging herself over the shining polished marble floor that she despised for being cold and fancy. Eventually, she made it to the kitchen, where she found her mother absorbed in an overburdened multitasking. She was talking on the phone, which she pressed in between her ear and shoulder; with her right hand she was steering something that steamed on the oven top, and with her left arm she was cradling a sleeping baby, in a rocking movement that could hardly be more mechanic and stereotyped.
     "Hey, Mom! I'm home..." She said, starting in a rampant, voice fading as she approached "home."
     "Hi sweety, how you doing?" Her mother answered looking over the shoulder that held the phone, not even turning from the stove.
     "Surviving, I guess. People hate me in that school."
     "Uh-hum."
     "And there is this girl, I don't know what I have done to her, but she is... Mom? Are you even hearing me?"
     "Beth, just give me a second please, I've got my daughter here." Her mother stopped steering, turned the heat down, held the phone against her breast to muffle the sound, and finally, turned facing her. She was tall, thin, blond and curvaceous; not a wrinkle on her skin. Such a perfect sight. There was no smile on her face. "Sweetie, I'm on the phone with Beth, solving an urgent problem. I really need to finish this before I take your brother to the studio and we are already late. We will have to talk later, ok?"
     "Of course Mom..." She said, gazing down./Later when?/ She thought. Recently, "later" seemed to mean never.
     "Good. It is such a nice day outside, why don't you go swim at the pool? God knows I wish I had some time to relax and enjoy our new place."
     "Sure mom... sounds... terrific."
     Her mother hanged the phone back to the shoulder-ear position and started to scoop the steaming food into a container "Hi Beth, I'm sorry for the disruption, where were we?"
     She turned to the hallway and dragged herself all the way back, trough the living room and up the stairs until she was inside the bedroom. She closed the door behind her, dropped the school's backpack on the ground and laid down on the bed.
     The bed was a massive thing, way too big for a small girl. Every night the excessive size tormented her with the recurrent memory of unfilled spaces. The room was even worse. Bright, huge, expensive, fine but innocuous. A constant lack of personal things, not a color she had chosen, not a poster of her favorite albums, none of her old furniture, that she liked so much. They had left it all behind. It wasn't worth carrying old, battered stuff all across the country. They had flown with what they could carry, and the new place was ready for living the moment they walked in. They couldn't afford the time to decorate it themselves, so the company had hired a professional to do the job. When she complained, almost three months ago, her mother said they would add more personal touches later. 
     It felt like she lived in a hotel room.
     She grabbed her phone and opened all the apps where she tried to keep in touch with her friends. It was a long list of unanswered messages or brief chats, void of any real interest. When she left, they all promised to call her every week or so; now, they were always busy with something else, someone else. She scrolled bars down. Repetitive finger swipes that took her nowhere, drifting over lives in which she did not participate anymore. She had the impression of being locked in a disheartening déjà vu, countless afternoons trying to hold on to a past that cared for her no longer.  
     The device felt from her hand, and she did not pick it up. There was nothing there.
     The sun shined played on her face, flickering as it came through the diaphanous curtains. Maybe her mother was right; perhaps some fresh water would so her some good.

*****

     She played with her foot in the tepid water, tapping the surface in a slow rhythm, causing tiny waves to ripple across the swimming pool. It probably would feel great inside the water, but she could not force herself to go in. She kept thinking about the fight she had had with her father a couple of nights ago when he finally managed to dine with them.

*****

     "School called me while I was in the office today." He said, stressing "office" even more than the rest. His face was stern; lips contracted in a thin line "Do you have anything to say about that?"
     "I really don't like that place Da..."
     "That is not what I asked." Eyebrows furrowing, forming wrinkles on his forehead.
     "I don't know what you want to..."
     "Your grades! That is what I am talking about," his eyes narrowing. So hard. What had happened to him? "They called to inform that you got two red marks, and the rest of it was not that bright either. That is not what they expected based on your transcript."
     /That fucking place called my father over a couple of C-minuses in the very first round of tests? What is wrong with those people? Tyrants./
     "They are concerned that the Royal Hall might not be the appropriated place for you. I do not know what you are thinking you are doing, but you can be sure of one thing, they do not tread lightly on slouchiness."
     "Well, they are God damn right about something at least. That is not the place for me; people there are so snobbish they can't see..."
     "You listen to me now." That was bad. Her father had pointed a threatening finger towards her. Mother, impassive until the moment, gazed at her, eyes gaping.
     "The Royal Hall is the best high school out there, most parents want to send their children there, but few can afford it. You are almost fifteen years old; when I was your age..." There it was, the old loathsome preaching. He had it hard; she had it easy. He and her mother overworked every day so she could have everything they never had. As if she had asked for that. "Your only job is to deliver As so you can get in a good..." /Blah blah blah./ She was not even listening anymore. /All you want are As? You gonna get it./ After some time, he finished the scolding. A long lasting silence settled at the table until it grew uncomfortable.
     "Do you have anything to say?" He asked.
     She looked deep into his eyes with a piercing, cold glare, and very calmly answered. "No. Sir." Why would she say anything? They would never listen. He would not even let her finish a sentence. Why bother?
     "Darling, all we want..." her mother started, but so started the baby to cry, and she left her pleas of love and good intentions unsaid to take care of the little one.
     Soon, only silence remained.

*****

     A teardrop splashed against the still surface of the pool, rippling an insignificant wave through the body of water. She felt smaller than the wave. She cuddled herself, hugging her bent legs, curling into a comforting embrace with the only person she had right now. 
     She leaned forward and fell after the fallen tear. She let the air escape, sinking to the bottom. As she sank, she looked up, contemplating the immense hollow house. If she could just stay there; if she could just not draw another breath.
     She could not.
     She did not have the heart to suicide.

CHAPTER III

     She gasped, drawing in precious air, her chest heaving with the effort, pushing against an invisible force that seemed to drown her. As her consciousness resurfaced from the dreamy memories, her eyes popped wide open, taking in the dim light. It burned like looking straight to the sun, and yet, it did not hurt. There could be no such thing as pain amidst the ocean of pleasure in which she floated.
     The slow electronic music surrounded her with a pressure no sound system could bestow. Deep, low, bass waves rubbed her skin, involving her in a gentle, comforting embrace. Vibration held her aloft, sweeter than any lover's touch. She felt whole.
     A tentative coherent thought braved the ecstasy tempest. /How long has it been?/ It made her look around. The partition's walls were covered with a diamond patterned black leather; shimmering brass buttons embedded every couple intersection. The walls seemed to undulate, resonating with every rumbling note. The buttons at the edges of her sight winked in and out, dancing to the tune.
     She was still seated on the toilet, her hair damp with sweat. The empty syringe laid down by her feet, the rubber band loose around her arm. A splash of blood had barely started to coagulate on her pale skin.
     So little time had passed since she locked the door; there was nothing to worry about. It would take way longer before someone grew suspicious of her stay in there. Soon, rational thought was overtaken by the powerful current of sound and joy.
     She raised a shaky hand and pressed against the dark leather. She could hardly feel anything, and still, somehow, the leather felt softer than silk. She had this delirious impression that the wall was alive. She could almost hear its shallow breath; it was the ebony surface that touched her, not the other way around.
     A humming voice singed in the background.
     "You close my eyes
     And things look better."*
     She relaxed and did as proposed, returning her sight to dear darkness.
     "We found our place
     Where dreams are brighter."*
     She abandoned any pretense of control or lucidity and welcomed the thrilling surge of rapture. Her limbs spasmed as she let it go of all external sensations. She submerged again, now, into a seductive sea of acceptance and indulgence, dreamy memories flashing brighter than before.
     
     *"You close my eye" Dj Tennis - Life and Death.

CHAPTER IV

     She was seated at a stark wood chair, the hardness of the surface a constant reminder of the seriousness of the place. The principal's office's waiting room was a condensed representation of everything she despised in the damned school. It was an ample rectangular room with an absurd red velvet carpet running from the hallway's door to the principal's office's daunting double door. The floor was mad of pale hardwood, well polished to keep it shining. The walls were painted with unimaginative pure white. No play; no fun.
     An extensive collection of identical gilded frames disposed with boring symmetry occupied both longer parallel walls. Every single painting depicted one person, all standing in the exact same pose. Golden plaques underlying the frames identified them all. One side was taken by founders and principals; the other held allegedly important people, who had graduated at the Royal Hall.
     The lack of any furniture, other than the stern line of hardwood chair, made the room feel empty. There were no windows. There was no escape.
     The hallway's door burst in, a high pitched, loud voice following.
     "Take your hands off me! I've told you already, I don't need anybody to fucking carry me over here. I know the way very well."
     "Well, lady." A male voice answered. "Since you were caught making your way to the main gate and given your behaviour so far, I have one too many reasons to believe otherwise."
     A girl backed in into the waiting room, still facing the door. Her hair was a vibrant red that could be anything but natural. Her posture was threatening, her voice even more so. "If you hold my arm again I'm gonna show you some behaviour you ain't forgetting anytime soon."
     The security chief peeked in. He gave her a quick dismissive look and grabbed the door handle. "You can rest assured the principal is going to hear about your little show BEFORE you talk to her. Have a great afternoon." He closed the door, giving no chance for an answer.
     The girl's posture relaxed, and she chuckled for a brief moment. She spun on her heels with a playful movement, arms spread as if dancing. For the first time, she looked inside the room, realizing the quiet girl, sitting in a chair. She halted, eyes locked on her.
     The red hair paled in comparison to her face. All features were slender but lusty, a balance between grace and might. A peachy skin tone set the canvas. Full, pink lips held just enough gloss to look wet. Her hazel eyes were intense and seductive; gemstones made of golden honey contained by a halo of earthy brown, specs of green radiating from the dark iris. A thin black eyeliner framed the feline gaze, adding contrast and depth, demarcating a trap from which no prey could escape.
     "Hi, blondie!" she said, looking straight into her eyes, a broad alluring smile spreading on her face. "Looks like I'm gonna have some company here this time." She took a seat by her side, still regarding her like a curious cat.
     "Hi...ahn...How you doing?"
     "I'm doing terrific. You, on the other hand, looks like someone walking to a funeral. What's going on?"
     "I don't think I should. You see, speaking up my mind got me here in the first place." Silence was safer.
     The girl chuckled a bit more. "Do you see anybody else here? The bitch is closed in her office, at a safe distance, she won't hear anything. C'mon, try me, I might surprise you."
     /Did this girl just called the principal "bitch"?/ She was surprised for sure; she had been since the door had burst open. It was hard to talk, the part of her responsible for making conversations was rusty due to the lack of company. Perhaps she should speak out; the girl had asked for it anyway.
     "The girls in my class are a bunch of snobbish sluts. I don't know what I've done to them, but they treat me like I have shit all over my face."
     The girl laughed out loud, chest heaving, pure joy on her face. "I think I like you, blondie. How come I never saw your pretty face around here before?"
     /Who is this crazy girl? Why does she care?/ "My father got an important promotion over here, so we moved in early this year. He wanted me to have the best education possible, so here I'm trapped in this awful place. Since people always look ready to spit at me, I only keep to myself, that's why you never saw me around."
     The girl kept laughing, red hair scattering over her face. "Fuck me! Fresh blood having trouble with the hyena's cackle, and I find her here, on their putrid den, ready to be chewed on. Don't you worry, I've been there before. You stick with me blondie, and I will take good care of you. This is your lucky day."
     /Dear lord, this girl is completely mad./ Still, this was the first time she felt someone cared about how she felt since she moved in. There was something peculiar about her, the way she moved and talked was lively and expressive; even the unimaginative black and white school uniform looked vibrant on her as if it was attuned to her joyful spirit. She was starting to like her too.
     "The first thing you gotta learn about this place is: A third of the people here behave as if they fart perfume, poop pearls and wipe their asses with silk. Sixty-nine percent are too dull-witted to think for themselves, so they just follow the first lot, licking their hands and hoping for a treat" She put her tongue out and her bent hands up, mimicking a needy dog; her eyes growing malicious as she performed.
     She started to giggle, moved by the girl's mocking tone. That girl could be crazy, but she sure was funny.
     "The first lot is by far the most noxious one, so you keep away from them. Don't let them get to you; otherwise, they will break you down and turn you into the second one."
     "I think I know what you mean, they have been pounding on me on a daily basis since my second week here." Words came out easier, attracted by a willing listener. "I guess they figured I didn't belong with them."
     "Oh! She is pretty and smart, how lovely!"They both laughed some more."No matter what they do, you better remember - You don't have any shit on your face blondie, but they have plenty inside their head."
     "Ok, I check the mirror regularly, so I think I figured that part." The room felt brighter, nightmarish clouds slowly thinning out; their voices the very wind. "What about the one percent?"
     "I thought you would never ask!" She seemed pretty satisfied with herself, her smile spreading further. "That's us, the ones that won't surrender to their delusions, and this leads me to the second thing you gotta learn." The look on her face suddenly turned serious, the smile acquiring a dangerous quality. "We don't care for your name. We don't care for your family. We don't want to know which tree you fell from. All that matters is that somehow you managed to roll down the hill. We do care for each other. I'm calling you blondie because I like your hair, but, if you don't like it, you can figure out something else. I'm Scarlet, by the way."
     She was left speechless for a moment. /This gorgeous girl is calling me pretty? She likes my hair?/ She had been mocked and bullied during months; her hair dismissed as insipid. Now, here she was, waiting for the principal's scolding and without any notice had bumped into this nutty conversation. /Who the fuck are "we"; she is so intense about it./ It did not matter, she had to find out, it was her best bet. Her only bet."Blondie will do, Scarlet. Now, who are 'we' that you just talked about?
     Scarlet looked deep into her eyes, leaning forward towards her, getting a bit closer every second. For a moment she had the impression Scarlet was going to try and kiss her. /Maybe this is a little bit too close?/ But then she whispered.
     "Can I trust you Blondie? Do you know how to keep secrets?"
     She did not flinch. She could not flinch./So close./
     "Yes, Scarlet. You can trust me." That felt so flat. From what she had seen, Scarlet was the kind that liked colourful, dramatic expressions. Also, she was quiet. /Is she waiting for more?/ Well, if you were going to play a game, you better be ready to bet it all. She leaned in even closer; how she managed it was beyond her. She whispered back. "I will keep your secrets with my life." /Was it too much? Will she.../
     "WOW" Scarlet exclaimed, leaning back to her place. "Maybe I was wrong."
     Her heart skipped a beat. /Too much! Crap!/
     "It looks like it is my lucky day after all. You are a rare sight around here."
     Her heart was racing./What have I done? What kind of promise was that?/ A promise she had given to a girl she had just met and barely knew.
     "I guess I better show you. Saturday, WE are going to throw a hell of a party at Skippy's, all night long, and YOU just got yourself invited."
     "But, what do I do? How should I dress? I mean, what do I say to my parents? How do I get there?" A party, she had spent months without a single friend, and now she had just been invited to a party. Busy day.
     "I don't know. Tell them you going to spend the night at a friend's house. Girls night, or something. Whatever you do, just don't have them drive you there, cause I'd put good money on it that they wouldn't like what they'd see."
     "That won't work! They will never let me go by myself, I'm not even old enough to drive. Actually, once they hear from the principal, they will probably have me grounded."
     "Well, if that is the case, then you jump."
     "Jump!?"/Holy shit, this is bad./
     "Yeah Blondie, you jump out the window, and you give me a call. I will go pick you up. Don't get used to it, though. I'm doing this only cause it's your first time and cause I like you."
     /This is complete madness/ She thought, Scarlet's words sinking in. /What have I got myself into? Jumping out a window? I live on the second floor!/"Ok. I will jump. A second floor is not too high, right? Then I call you." She was going to sneak away from her own place.
     "Good girl! Just don't wear heels and you should be okay. I can tell you have a bright future ahead of you. Now brace yourself and make us proud. Don't let her break you." Scarlet gave her a wink.
     "What?"
     She heard the noise of high heels clapping on the hardwood floor. It was time to face the beast.
     The principal's door opened.

CHAPTER V

     She steped in, and closed the car's door behind her, locking the cold night's breeze outside. Scarlet was siting behind the wheel, left hand holding it, right arm spread open towards the passanger seat, as if ready to embrace her. She had a very satisfied smille on her misterious, feline face; it was a curious mix, part desire and seduction, part hungry predator getting ready for dinner. Anyway, she did not have any time to make sense out of it, scarlet pulled her close and smacked a kiss inbetween her cheek and the corner of her lips. To far for being considered dangerous, but to close for comfort. Her heart started pumping slightly faster.
     "Hello! I'm so happy that you made it out."
     "Yeah, me too." She was quite nervous too. A part of her mind griding over the evergrowing potential for disaster that her scape held. Better not to think about that.
     "So, tell me, how did the jump go? Made it in one piece? I was so worried you would sprain an ankle or something."
     "Oh, actually, I just walked out through the front door." She did not have to jump. Nobody was at home. Nobody would check on her when they made it back. All she had to do was make it back before morning and be quiet. Very quiet.
     "Wow! Hiding in plain sight eh? Love your style; you got a bright future ahead, Blondie." They shared a brif moment, giggling together. "Well, let's get this party started, shall we?" Scarlet turned the car on and drove off.
     As the car left behind the side road and the imediacy of her neighborhood, Scarlet turned the car stereo on. A noisy and confusing beat shook the car and startled her; it sounded like the voice of tormented people screaming with a frenetic bass line behind it, all enveloped in maximum distortion. /Gosh, is that even music?/ Disconfort was probably evident on her face, because Scarlet moved her slender fingers to the pannel, twisted the volume down, and and started skipping through tracks.
     "Jeez, sorry for that, I get a bit hardcore some times. Let's find something easy and sweet to get you started."
     /A bit hardcore? Guess that is a way put it./ As long as the party was not that kind of hardcore, she supposed she would be ok.
     "Here it is... Used to love this track a couple years ago when I was your age and skippy broght me to the scene; I still like it, even though I listened to it a thousand times." She pressed play and started spinning the volume knob up. An uplifiting violin riff flooded the car, followed by a slow warm beat. It was so loud that every time the bass hit her whole chest seemed to vibrate with it, the violin's highs a deafening constant. Scarlet kept turning it up. "Is it too loud?" Scarlet yelled when she stoped turning the knob.
     "No! It's great!" She shouted back. Of course it was too loud, the whole car trembled now, but she was not about to complain. /At least it's not noise./ A whispering female voice came through, it sounded both as a moan and a lament, a melodic and involving tone followed and trully started to sing. She realised she knew that tune. She loved it.
     "Feet don't fail me now
     Take me to the finish line
     Oh my heart it breaks every step that I take..."
     Their eyes met for a second in a cordial look, empathy linking in as their voices started to sing together with the tune. The city lights shifted throught the car's windows as they sped up into a highway. Something shifted inside her too. Another knot of nervousness and anxiety loosening up. She felt that somehow Scarlet understood her. It was more than that. /Gosh, she really cares... maybe... maybe she felt like I do before./ She had a friend again, somebody she could count on, and they were singing together.
     "Walking through the city streets
     It is by mistake or design
     I feel so alone on a friday night
     Can you make me feel like home..."
     Her eyes were closed as she sang and merged with the music. Something bright shone inside the car and a sweet, fruity smell invaded her nose. She looked to Scarlet, who was taking a long puff from a joint. She looked back at her, eyes dosing minimaly, that same inviting smille back on her face. She was singing to her, smoke coming out from her mouth as she sang, small clouds slowly rippling in her direction. She spread her right hand towards her, moving the joint to the tip of her fingers, making it easy to grab, so she could take it. Time dilated, her heart beating out of tempo, as her mind triped over all the ramifications of that gesture. Endless preachings echoing in her head. 
     "Don't make me sad. Don't make me cry."
     She took the burning joint from her hand. She had never smoked one before.
     "Sometimes love is not enough, and the road gets tough I don't know why"
     She had smoked a couple cigarrets at her farewell party. They were from... before they had... She did not wanted to think about it.
     "Keep making me laugh."
     She puffed hard on it, sucking the flavourful smoke, sending it deep into her lungs. At least it tasted better than a cigarret.
     "Lets go get high."
     She let the smoke escape, singing back at Scarlet. She barely kept any attention on the road, those intense eyes focused on her with a looked like a glimmer of approval on it. They kept singing together.
     "The road is long, we carry on.
     Try to have fun in the meantime."
     The tension inside her eased a bit further. It was not the weed, not yet. It was her, leaving her sorrow behind, walking her wild side. She was past dragging herself through the empty hallways of a hollow house. She puffed again, harder. 
     /What does it matter? We are all born to die./

**Lana Del Rey - Born to Die.

CHAPTER VI

     Scarlet turned the car off and the music that was booming inside stopped. There was no silence. As soon as the loud tune went down, she could hear a distant beat making its way inside the car. She opened the door and stepped out. 
     Tall pine trees covered the landscape as far as she could see. They were in the middle of the woods. Scarlet had parked the car alongside others, in a clearing used as parking lot. A cold breeze blew by. She took a deep breath enjoying the rich scents. Moist air filled her lungs with a freshness she had never felt before; it felt like this was the first time she walked into the woods. She looked up, mesmerised by the sight. Trees loomed over her, branches swaying, leaves rattling; even in the relative darkness of the clear night, their colours seemed vivid and intense, as if there was some kind of filter on. The trees felt so alive, she could almost hear their voices asking to chat.
     "Hey, Blondie! Wake up!" Scarlet shouted. "We are here for the party, not the woods." Laughing out loud after the call. She was standing at the edge of a rock-paved trail.
     She laughed back. That was so funny. She had no clue why. "Sure, let's go." She took a step towards Scarlet and felt the world wobble a little bit. She stopped, looked around, and giggled. Time and space seemed just a tiny bit off. She was not at risk of falling or anything, but her movements took longer to happen, things looked farther than they were. It was funny; everything was. At least for now.
     She followed Scarlet through the short path, walking in the direction the music came from. The track was made of large, regular stones, embedded in the soil in a uniform pattern; fallen leaves had been swept aside, making the path clear and easy to walk by. Tiny light spots, emerging from the ground by the sides, gave off just enough light to make it safe during the night. They soon emerged through the woods edge, leaving the tree line behind. She froze for a second, taking in the sight ahead.
     A huge three story log cabin stood imposing in the middle of a vast, open area.The design was simple but solid; it looked like boxes stacked one on top of the other, each floor considerably smaller than the one bellow. The whole building was topped by a long mono pitched roof, both faces slightly concave, as if someone had placed a giant open magazine, facing down, over the edges of the pyramidal stack. The whole structure was elevated from the uneven, rocky terrain. The first floor, which stood about four feet from the ground, has its full extension surrounded by a deck that allowed small groups to gather or walk around the building; sparse yellow lights kept the deck dimly lit. Twin windows on both sides of the first and second floor were pitch dark, revealing nothing from the inside. The small third floor had an open balcony, but the lights were off and the balcony empty. Low but powerful sound waves emanated from the massive wood building, a humming sound made by a living structure.
     They kept on the stone pathway, approaching the stairs that led to a double front door. Torches burned on both sides of the path now, providing a wavering light and warmth. In her stretched perception of space, time and colours, the whole experience felt dream-like. It was also daunting.
     Two groups of people drank, smoked, chatted and laughed in the deck on both sides of the main door. Suddenly, they all went quiet and looked down in their direction, bland faces full of inquiries. /What's wrong?/ Her heart started to speed up, a hue of discomfort tainting the colourful humour of moments just passed, a shade of anxiety slowly creeping in. /Fuck... They are looking at me./ Everything was so intense, way beyond anything she had anticipated. Their silence lasted but a brief second, but that moment felt soo long. Perhaps time was a little bit too off now? 
     "Heeeeey, Scarly!" A girl walked out of the group to their left and was coming down the stairs. "How you doing love?" She hugged Scarlet and gave her a soft kiss on the lips as if that was a greeting norm.
     "Hi, Cris, how you been holding up?"
     "I'm great, been missing you here, though. What took you soo long? You're usually more than well when I make it over."
     "Oh, I had to go to the other side of town to pick her up, you know, otherwise she wouldn't make it."
     The girl looked at her, that same unexpressive face as before, and then opened up a large smile. " Hello." She said, angling her face and moving her eyebrows up, waiting for something.
     "Ahn, er, sorry; Cristal, this is Blondie. Blondie, this is Cristal." Scarlet said after a lapse.
     "Hi, Cristal, nice to meet you." Her nervousness was probably showing on her face, for Cristal made no move to kiss her or anything else. She breathed a bit easier.
     "Oh, I'm sure it will be nice to meet you. Scarly usually doesn't go through the trouble of carrying nobody around, so I'm sure you must be quite the piece."
     Her cheeks warmed up. She had no idea of what to say. Awkwardness hovered over, and before she could manage anything, Scarlet took her hand and pulled her to the stairs.
     "C'mon, let's go inside. I'm thirsty and missing the music already. See you soon Cris."
     "You bet. See you there in a minute." Cristal said, going back to her group.
     As they made it up, through the few large log steps, she could feel the lumber under her feet pulsing to the beat of the music. People waved to Scarlet, and she waved back, sending an occasional kiss. A bulky guy, dressed in plain black with his arms crossed, gave Scarlet a nod followed by a conceding half smile. She nodded back, stepped closer and grabbed the heavy dor's handle, pulling it open.
     Bass waves slammed against her body. She took half a step back, surprised by the sound pressure, before she managed to force herself to walk in. She had never been to a nightclub before, but she was pretty sure the place looked more like one than a regular house. It was dark inside, all real lights turned off; instead, everything was bathed in a feeble violet light emitted by UV bulbs hanging from the ceiling. Fluorescent colours shined in psychedelic pictures on the walls, white and neons coming to life on people clothes and blazing smiles.
     The air was thick with a sweet and citric haze. Somewhere to her right a neon sign pending from a log wavered to the beat. "No cigarettes pls!" could be read right by the side of a drawing of Cartman holding a massive joint and coughing. She tried to laugh but coughed instead.
     The door closed behind her, cutting off the stream of cold air. Compared to the chilly weather, the air inside was almost sultry. No wonder, considering the number of people that were there, all chatting, laughing, dancing, weeding and drinking; well over a hundred already. The people looked sultry as well, abandoned to their pleasures, swaying with the music. /Are they looking at me?/ She felt their gaze upon her, but when she looked around, they seemed to avert their eyes and go back to their own devices. /Am I imagining things?/ She had come to this party hoping to make friends, but now she felt so out of place; it was hard to imagine she could have a good time here. The haze seemed to turn into gloomy clouds; she walked a thin line between dream and nightmare, afraid she would fall to the wrong side at any misstep. /Maybe I could go back... well, where to?/ She turned to her silver lining.
     Scarlet was undressing the long, heavy, black coat she had been using and was hanging it on an empty hook by the side. Her eyes locked on Scarlet's slender form. She was using a long, loose, sleeveless shirt that looked like a dress; the sides were cut open down to her waist, leaving a wide gap that revealed a curvaceous body and no bra. When she moved one could see almost everything; probably everything if one tried hard. She turned with that playful smile stick to her lips and took her hand once more.
     "Come! Let's grab a drink, and I will introduce you to some nice people." Her voice was loud to overcome the music.
     They walked into the haze, making their way around people that always seemed to glare at her. Every now and then, she thought she had spotted a known face from school, but those were especially quick to turn around; it was not like she knew them anyway.
     The main floor of the cabin had no rooms, it was pure open space, a vast hall with thick log columns here and there. Comfy chairs and couches lined the walls at the nearest corners, with a few high top tables around it. Some of the tables were packed with disposable glasses, plastic water bottles, and beer cans; others were wiped clean for no reason she could see.
     They made their way to the right, where the only immediately visible door of the main floor led inside a kitchen. The door was closed, but a wide counter separated the kitchen from the party room, turning it into a bar. The counter was square to the cabin's far right wall, in such a way that they had the whole kitchen and it's log wall in between them and the sound system, making the volume slightly lower over there. Behind the bar, a tall, dark, skinny guy, dressed in a bright grey silk vest, shook a cocktail. He opened a white grin when he saw Scarlet coming his way.
     "Hellooo Princess! I was starting to fear the pigs got ya speeding on da highway again.Waz up with da late game?"
     "Hi Skull, I was cabbing Blondie over here." She nodded the head towards her. "Blondie, meet Skull, best drinks you will ever have."
     "Hi." Was all she managed followed by a shy smile.
     "Hello, hello. I see da palace's been spawning fine ladies as always. Skull at your services, Blondie." He said, grin broadening further, hand extending beyond the counter in her direction. She gave him her hand and got it kissed in a mocking fashion. She relaxed a bit finding it funny. "So, what can I do for ya?"
     "First, you can cut the royalty crap out." Scarlet said, slapping her hand on the reflective surface of the counter."Or I will step on you like a queen, see how you like that" her eyebrows contracting in an expression that was  clearly forced."Then, you can get me the usual, and Blondie over here will have that bubbly, sweet stuff you always brag about."
     Skull cackled satisfied, chin raising. "She sounds like a queen alright!" He put his hand full of thick, golden rings on the counter, right in front of Scarlet's, and started to knock the tip of his fingers down, with a wavering motion, moving it closer to her's as he did it. "But ya know, that sounds not bad at all; I guess, I'd enjoy your tiny white feet walking over me, and everything else..." He licked the corner of his lips, the mocking grin a fragile line between joke and harassment.
     "You keep dreaming! Now hurry up, cause I'm fucking thirsty!" She almost managed to sound serious this time.
     "As you command!" He actually saluted "One Palace Crasher and a Maiden's Bullet. Shall I bill the treasury?"
     "You can bet all your dope on that."
     "Ok, all I need is to see some ID from your friend." He said, looking from Scarlet to her, the grin leaving his face, the laughter abandoning his voice, and a professional, serious look taking place.
     Her face paled, and her eyes locked between Scarlet and Skull. She swallowed dry air as Scarlet's face grew concerned and started looking around with a thoughtful expression. A couple seconds stretched as far as they could in their stern silence, as she fumbled for words, realising she would better just give up on the drinks.
     They burst in a shriek, heaving without control.
     Eventually, when Skull could breathe, he pointed in her direction and said."Did you saw her face Scarly? My god, she actually fell for it!"
     Scarlet was leaning forward and hugging herself, having a hard time to get back in control. "C'mon Skull! Don't be mean. I told her people were nice here, not a bunch of silly fuckers."
     /ID... In a place like this. I guess I had it coming./ She relaxed a bit and allowed herself to giggle.
     "Mean!? Ya helped me out on da prank, ya purrfect little liar!"
     "Of Course I did; been trying my best to break the ice here, but she won't give me a smile since we made it in."
     She almost felt sad when she heard that. /Crap, it probably looks like that I don't appreciate what she is doing for me./ Instead of letting it show, she managed a decent smile, that grew more authentic as she considered that they were trying to make her laugh, not laughing at her.
     They stepped to the left side of the bar, so the line could move in while they waited for their drinks. Skull started to move full speed now. He took a couple more orders, delivered a handful of beers to get the easy orders out of the way at the same time that he grabbed the necessary spirits in a shelf by the side. He dosed, mixed, shook and stirred; in less than a minute Scarlet was sipping her drink with a happy face, and Skull left the counter to grab a bottle of sparkling wine he was missing, from a fridge on the other side of the kitchen.
     Another figure walked to the bar, coming from a storeroom at the back of the kitchen. He was dressed all in black, dress shirt and fine pants; a sleek short fedora sitting atop his head, just a bit off to the side. He had a tailored short beard on a very handsome face built of strong lines; a crooked smile, widening in a provocative fashion, as he walked their way. Any shade of discomfort or worry melted as she focused on the sight. She could smell his woody perfume as he came closer. He smelled trouble and desire. She was fixed on the second.
     "Oh my; what do we have here? You never cease to surprise me, Scarlet." His voice a perfect fit for the perfume.
     "Hi Hats, keeping safe I hope?" Scarlet answered with a certain dismay.
     "Always safe, I only walk by the shades you know. Won't you introduce me to your charming friend?"
     /Did I heard that right?/
     "She would do better alone than in bad company." She certainly did not hear that.
     "Hi! you can call me Blondie." Well, a girl could walk by herself. "Nice hat, by the way." She tried to throw a crooked smile as well.
     Scarlet looked at her, mouth gaping, in pure disbelief. "Looks like someone remembered how to talk." She waved her head from one site to another, very slowly, and mumbled in a low voice. "I guess we always want that which is bad for us..." She also did not saw that, since her eyes were on his'.
     Hats bit his lower lips, eyes glaring straight inside her's, looking very pleased. "Would you join me for a drink?" He said offering his glass. She was halfway to grab it when Scarlet shoved her hand in-between and pushed his drink back, spilling some over his hand. Her face was stern.
     "Now, now. You keep that shit away from her; not even God knows what's in there and how much of it. Certainly too much. I will get ourselves some goodies soon enough, no need to rush."
     Suddenly she realised there was a glass in the hand she had extended; Skull had finished the drink and put it there, but her attention was somewhere else. She sipped it. The cocktail was light and fresh, marginally sweet, balance in drinkable form. Just what she needed. /Oh my, this is delicious./ She took a larger sip.
     When she moved her eyes back from her drink, Hats had just finished wiping the counter dry with a paper towel. He fished a small translucent vial from his pocket; it was loaded with white powder. Moving his hands like a street illusionist, he tapped the vial on the counter, and using a card in swiping strokes, drew four small thin lines. Before she had the chance to digest what was going on, one of the lines was gone, and Hats was holding a brand new, neatly rolled bill across the bar.
     Weed is something that everybody is fated to see every now and then. In many places, you can barely have a walk in the park without smelling it. Not cocaine. When people see cocaine being inhaled, unless they are actually looking for it, they usually ask themselves what the heck are they doing hanging around that place. She had never seen coke before. She did not know what to think. She took a big gulp from her drink.
     "Is this that one?" Scarlet asked, looking at it.
     "Yeap. The real deal."
     "No fucking K cut on it?"
     "C'mon now Scarly, showing a tiny bit of respect won't hurt, for old times sake eh?" He actually sounded offended "You know that I don't mix my blow. It is what it is, and you can see how much there is. Cards on the table, all your safe game, just the way you like it."
     She kept looking.
     "Ya know, if ya girls gonna keep staring at it, I sure can use a fix." Skull said, that same mocking tone as before.
     Scarlet snatched the bill but did not move in, her face serious.
     "You just got a fix Skull! Are you a fucking vacuum cleaner or what?" Hats said looking at him, pretending to be mad.
     "Ya know, right side got it, now leftie is feeling all jealous." Both laughed.
     Scarlet took a deep breath in and stepped closer as if to blow the whole thing off with a blast of air. Their faces froze in terror, their bodies wanting to move to hold her back, but it was too late.
     She blew one line in.
     "I wish you could see the look on your faces; junkies." Scarlet said. The tree of them laughed, but not her. She drank once more.
     Scarlet looked at her. They were all looking at her. It felt the whole party was."Do you want some? This one is actually good; otherwise, I wouldn't even bother to ask." She did not extend the rolled bill in her direction, though. If you want it, come and get it.
     She looked around in one of those everlasting seconds, probing the feelings that seemed to haunt her since she got out of the car. Nobody was looking, nobody cared. She looked back. Hats knocked a third of one line to the other, making one smaller, and gave her a wink. She finished her drink, slammed the glass in front of Skull, and grabbed the bill from Scarlet's hand.
     Everything vanished. There was no music. There was no party. Only her, the sound of her heart racing, and the little white line./Should I cross it?/ A quieter voice, deeper inside her head whispered./You can always step bac.../
     She blew it in.
     Time Froze.
     Her heart stopped.
     The whole world standing still.
     She braced for impact.
     (...)
     Nothing happened.
     Nothing changed.
     The music was playing, people dancing, Skull joking. "Jeez, for a moment there I thought I'd have to wait forever for my turn; thanks for da extra." He blew the last line. 
     Nothing happened. Everything felt and looked the same. /How do people fall for that shit?/
     "You ok Blondie?"
     "Yeah Scarlet, I'm good."
     "Ok, let's go. I still gotta find Skip, he's probably wondering what happened to me by now. Hey, boys! Thanks for all. Skull, please keep my girls happy, her tabs are on me; and Hats, you play safe around her, or I will FUCK YOU UP big time, K?" She could sound very dangerous when she wanted.
     "Don't worry boss-lady, I hear you; see you around... and, see you later Blondie."
     "See you later." She said, smiling again. Scarlet snorted with a sneer.
     "Hey Princess, here, get da second round; that will only take you so far an'd bar's about to get busy."
     Scarlet finished her drink and thanked Skull, friendly kissing him goodbye; they grabbed the second round of drinks and walked to the dancefloor.
     The stage was at the far end of the room, opposite to the front door, in front of the stairs that led to the upper floors; they went that way. They moved with no rush, stopping every couple steps, saying hellos, meeting people, making idle chat and drinking.
     If something had changed was her sense of taste. The drink felt a little lighter and went down even easier than before. She rubbed her nose. /Maybe it is a tiny bit numb?/ Yes, maybe it was.
     As they walked on, Scarlet danced. It was beautiful to see her moving, it felt so natural to her as if she was constantly on the beat, no effort. She, on the other hand, tried to dance; she made an effort, and still, she felt very uncomfortable. The music was not bad. It remembered her of the pop music she liked but with fewer vocals, and more bass; it was warm, melodic, involving. She was off, though. Everybody danced so well. /People are probably laughing at how bad I dance./ At least they were not constantly gazing at her anymore.
     After so many greetings they were getting closer to the stage, sound pressure going higher and higher. The sound waves seemed to push her, so powerful they were. She moved forward and back, rocking in their tide. She rehearsed a few steps... And concluded she had it. She started to dance.
     /What does it matter if people don't like the way I dance?/ She owned nothing to nobody. Each step gave her more trust. Every beat she went farther. With every move, her confidence grew. She was doing well, she knew how to dance. /I'm good at this/ There was no fear. She was mighty and capable, nothing could hold her back. She spotted Scarlet looking at her and chuckling softly; not with contempt, but content.
     "Good to see you finally enjoying yourself." Scarlet shouted; she had to."Guess I will have to thank that bastard after all."
     Scarlet's comment echoed inside her for a brief, flashy moment, and then it sank in. It happened. Everything had changed. It was good.
     She was good.
     /Guess I should have taken the longer line./
     "Worry not! The best is yet to come!" Scarlet shouted again, sounding like she was reading her mind."Let me just talk to Spin!"
     They danced together for a few moments, just having fun. She was having fun, actually having fun. /How long has it been?/ It did not matter anymore. All that mattered was right there, right now.
     With a few more steps, they made it to the front. The stage was very simple, just a one-foot platform so the DJ could be slightly above the public; a long table in front of him for all the equipment necessary - a mixer, a couple decks, and a notebook. A pair of red lamps were set on the floor facing up, behind the stage, to set a mood and allow the guy some resemblance of light. On both sides of the table, a pair of speaker columns wider and taller than her spanked the air tirelessly.
     Scarlet made a gesture for her to wait there and walked around the sound system, stepping up the stage to talk to Spin. While she waited, she moved just a pace to the left, going right in front of one of those columns, feeling its power. It was very strong, but she was stronger. She kept on dancing. She saw Spin pointing to the other side of the room, they talked some more, and he passed her a tiny zip lock, sliding it over the table behind the equipment. The ziplock was full of bright green, round-shaped pills. Scarlet smiled, kissed his cheek, he smiled. She grabbed a bottle of water in a cooler under the table and came back down.
     Scarlet came her way, half walking, half dancing, a grin fixed on her face. She held a pill up on her fingers like a little prize. She bit it right on the middle and swallowed with a generous amount of water. Her slender form swayed closer, those hazel eyes fixed on her, moving the other half in the air like a child playing with a toy to the music's rhythm, hovering the pill towards her mouth. She opened it. No reluctance. No fear. No second thoughts. She took it in; it was so bitter. She washed it wish lots of water. Their eyes were locked, connected; Scarlet had a beautiful smile on her lips, somewhat sublime.
     "Thank you" She whispered, but she could not even hear it coming out, so loud the music was. Scarlet understood it anyway, reading her lips, and said something that looked like "Thank me later." Then she took a quick look at her watch and waved for her to follow.
     Their drinks were over, so they headed to the bar. As they came closer two thoughts pulsed on her mind /How long will it take?/ and /Should I do more coke?/ Neither of the echoing voices got an answer, but the latter went silent once they made it to the bar and Hats was nowhere to be found. Instead, it started to ramble /Where is he?/ and /Maybe I should try to find him./ The kitchen-bar was very busy, a long line up forming; the place was getting really full. Despite that, before she knew what was going on, they had fresh drinks on their hands; Skull was that good, and Scarlet knew no lineups. They kept on, walking in another direction, still looking for Skippy.
     He was nowhere to be found. They walked all around the main room, following his trail, going where people pointed, since it was very hard for two small girls to see farther in a crowded space. No success. They went outside and walked all around the cabin on the deck, expecting to find him smoking a cigarette, but had no luck. She was getting dizzy from the drinks, and for some reason had a desire to smoke. It just felt right. Scarlet wanted the same, so she got them a couple cigarettes from a friend, and they spent some time chatting over the smoke. People looked in their direction and seemed to smile. Many came to them just to say hello or to offer a drink or a puff of a joint.
     Scarlet was awesome. Everybody loved her. She carried no purse, no wallet, no phone and everything she needed or wanted just floated on her direction. It looked like that people made an effort to please her, more, they were happy when they managed to please her. At some point, she had the impression of seeing a glimpse of green colour floating by the corner of her sight when someone greeted Scarlet. /Did she just passed him a pill?/ She was not sure. It had been so faint, and so fast. Also, she had not tried to hide anything when she gave her that half.
     She thought herself so lucky. To have been found by such a nice person who took her in when nobody else had; when everybody rejected and mocked her. She felt cared for. /She really likes me./ She felt loved. She wanted to hug her, to squeeze her hard, but she was not sure Scarlet would be comfortable with that.
     They finished their smoke and Scarlet looked at her with a more serious face."I gotta go to the second floor, maybe Skippy will be there."
     "Ok."
     "But I can't take you there. Are you gonna be ok alone for some time?"
     "Sure. I will be fine."
     "Good. I meet you in front of the left speakers, is that alright?"
     "Of course."
     They both went back in; Scarlet went straight towards the stairs, and she went to the bar. She was thirsty and wanted some water; while waiting on the lineup, loose thoughts echoed on her head. /Is it going to work?/.../Maybe half wasn't enough/.../Should I look for Hats?/.../Guess I could use some more/..../Guess I would enjoy some company./ But Hats wasn't there, and she didn't have it in her to ask around for him; also, she had to be there waiting for Scarlet. Skull tended to her in that joyful, playful manner. She tried to pay, she had cash, but he refused, insisting she had been covered for the night. She left the money on the tip's jar and heard no complaint about that. She went back to the dancefloor.
     The music felt more involving than before, it made more sense to her. She was probably getting used to it by now. The steps came easier, she knew where to go, how to move. People looked at her and smiled and nodded their heads approving. She knew how to dance, and she did it beautifully. She was beautiful, and her moves were great. As she danced, she edged closer to the speakers. She could dance-walk just like Scarlet. She wanted to be closer to the music, wanted to feel its full pressure on her. The bass waves splashing against her felt soo good.
     Then it hit her. She felt silly for a moment, it had been there for a while, but only now that it peaked she could see. She felt whole and euphoric beyond anything she thought possible. People looked at her with desire. She was gorgeous. She was pure lust and pleasure.
     The sound waves enveloped her, embracing all her body with a lover's passion. The bass caressed every inch of her skin, resonating with each part of her body as the frequency changed, touching her in the most pleasant way, massaging her entire being, alleviating all tension, breaking all shackles, freeing her of every sorrow, every sadness, every pain.
     /I'm free./ Now she knew the easy way out.
     She floated. She felt and understood the flow of the music, its very essence. She surfed above it. Her movements were pure grace. She let go of control, dissolving into joy; she was one with the music, with the sound waves and the dance floor. Everybody could see it, and they praised her for it.
     Then she saw him.
     His beauty was unique. He was handsome, but not in the opulent way that Hats was. His face was clean, masculine but delicate. His eyes were a deep well full of life, the surface glowing with glee. His clothes were simple, but a canvas for himself. Thin lines of neon colours in his shirt traced the air as he moved, and how he moved!
     He flowed like a river. He did not surf the music, he was the music, his steps the very current. With his hands, he drew abstracts forms in the air that somehow made all the sense. He looked like a /Maestro/, anticipating the music and telling it where to go. It felt like he commanded the dancefloor. With a wave of his hand, everyone would stand still, with another move they would fold back into the flow, jumping wildly.
     He came to her.
     They danced together for the ever growing duration of a single track. Harmony pulsing in every step. He would set the pace, she would follow with grace. He would set the rhythm, she decorated it. People actually made room for their entanglement.
     He touched her.
     His fingers on the sensitive skin of her face were an explosion of impressions. There was a lack of reasoning, a lack of thought. No words could describe it. He held her by the waist and brought her close, their bodies sinking in one another. She wanted him so bad; All desire she ever felt paled in comparison. He kissed her. It was sublime.
     When she opened her eyes she saw Scarlet; those savage orbs glaring straight at her with hunger. She danced like a goddess, provocative, alluring, ineffable. She hammered the dancefloor, splashing space open, emanating power. Man and woman alike gaped observing, lusting and envying her at the same time. She was divine.
     She came in their direction like a hunting tiger, building up speed towards a prey that could not escape. She was frozen under her hypnotic gaze. Scarlet pounced on her, seizing her face and kissing her lips with ferocity. They made out with violence; hands clutching around their bodies, slipping inside their clothes, finding pleasure with everlasting thirsty. She loved it. She wanted her. Nothing else mattered. When she was about to get breathless Scarlet leaned back, taking a deep breath; then, she seized his shirt and pulled him close.
     "Hello Skip." She said, and kissed him with even more aggressiveness, biting and scratching. Scarlet pulled her in by the waist, and they all merged in abandon, becoming one pulsing star of hedonism. Everything else seized to be, time and space deprived of any sense, orgasmic waves rippling through their little cosmos.
     Suddenly they let it go. Something shifted inside her. She was too dizzy, her sight fogged. She felt nauseated and cold. She was going to vomit. /I need a washroom/. She looked to the other side of the stage and saw a long lineup ending in a closed door. /Too busy./ Scarlet saw her face growing very pale and desperate, felt her hands wet and cold, and realised what was going on, opening her eyes wide.
     "Quick! Follow me!" She shouted and pulled her toward the stairs.
     They rushed up, Scarlet hurrying to unlock the door. She took slow breaths trying to hold it in, but she felt it coming up. She was going to puke. They made it to the second floor, and there was a clean, empty washroom with the door open, straight ahead. She fell to her knees in front of the toilet. She was going to throw up; she was going to...

CHAPTER VII

     She threw up, vomit spewing all over the door, splashing on the floor, covering her feet, covering the abandoned syringe, dripping on her dress and her lap.
     In a far world the music still played, the voice reached her dampened by what seemed a vast ocean, in which she was submerged.
     "/You close my eyes...
     You close my eyes.../"*
     Somebody called from that distant reality."Are you ok?" Her dizzy mind fighting to make sense out of the words./Help me./ She tried to answer, tried to scream, but nothing came out of her mouth. She was crushed under an inescapable pressure. No breath came in, no sound went out. There was no air in the depths./Help me.../
     Her eyes were unable to form a clear image; forms were fogged as if seen underwater. Her body was limp, unable to sustain the sitting position; slowly, she started to slide forward and down. Feeble hands tried to hold on to the dark walls on both sides but did not manage. There was no strength. She did not even feel the leather surface when her hands grasped on it; the skin was utterly numb. Her loose body collapsed to the ground.
     She hit the floor with a thump; no resistance. Her head crashed on the puddle of vomit; there was no pain. More came out of her gaping mouth, flowing down her cheek. Her twisted form convulsed, trashing over the spill. She had no control. Everything was senseless.
     "/We like our place
     This is our space."*
     That same remote voice released a dreadful shriek, followed by an outcry."JESUS! HELP! SHE IS ON THE GROUND! SOMEBODY HELP!" The distant scream echoed on her head, together with the clapping of running high heels. /Help...?/ Perhaps help was on the way. Perhaps.
     Life and death are often outlined by gruesome irony. In front of her eyes laid the empty syringe, needle pointing towards her with contempt. /How...?Why...?/ She had taken that dosage before; it was supposed to be a strong trip, but she should have been ok. Should have been safe. /Pills...?/ Could it be those pills that had not hit? There was no way to be sure. There was no control. /When...?/ How long had it been since she took those? She had no idea; it made no sense, nothing made. There was no control.
     "/We call it home..."*
     Her thoughts grew more incoherent; her sight more fogged. /What...?/ What had happened to her? What would happen? She tried to hold on, tried to cling to the image of the needle. /Please...No.../ She was so afraid; fear and terror her only company down there, as she sank further into that endless, dark ocean. /Where...?/ She had no idea where she was, how she had gotten there, and where the darkness would take her; all she knew was that she could not let it go. All her being was focused on keeping on, just one more second, just one more, but she could not hold on. There was no control.
     "/We rest in peace.../"*
     Her sight faded, bit by bit, like a setting sun holding still on twilight above the waterline; an endless horizon of blazing colours in the middle of the sea, refusing to fade, but eventually vanishing under the dark surface of the water.
     /Where am I?/

CHAPTER VIII

     She was in a washroom; a brightly lit, fancy washroom. The school's washroom. In front of her, a generous white line rested on top of the pink marble sink countertop. She blew it in.
     The place was empty. She had locked the entrance; nobody would come in. There were no female hallway inspectors; any student would just imagine it was closed for cleaning and walk to the next washroom. She was safe.
     She had come in late for the first period, so she had to wait some twenty minutes until she was allowed to go in class for the next one. That was good; she had some time to get better. There was a hole in her brain; it throbbed emanating waves of pain through her whole head. Her body was not any better; everything ached with exhaustion.
     The party marathon had started Friday evening and unpretentiously overextended hour after hour, pill after pill, line after line, until Sunday late night. She had tried to catch some sleep, but it had been fruitless. Rest eluded her all night, dreams slipping out oh reach; all she had managed were four hours of laying down, rolling from one corner of the large bed to the other, on the verge of slumber but never really there. It had left her with the hangover of a lifetime, or at least, so she thought. She was almost seventeen, young enough to endure it. /I'm gonna be ok/
     She looked up, focusing her own image on the mirror. She did not look ok. Her face was emaciated, lifeless. Her frame skinny, bones showing up everywhere.Her skin frail. Her eyes deep./Fuck, I look like shit/ How could nobody see it? Why would no one say anything? Her friends, her parents... Well, her parents saw only numbers on the paper, when they even had the time for that.
     Memories of better times played on the reflective surface of her mind; images forming on the back of her eyes. Playful moments on the park near their old house, having picnics, running, laughing... talking. Her friends would come over with their parents, her father would cook a delicious barbeque, they would all have a great time together. Those memories felt so distant and pale, washed over by the unforgiving machinery of modern life and its delirious dreams. Everybody craved success, whatever that was; they believed it would guide them into happiness./How silly./
     She splashed water all over her face, trying to wash away those thoughts, memories, exhaustion and wear; it was too much for just water to wash away, she would need something stronger. She drank from the tap, trying to fill the hurtful void inside her head with the fresh liquid. It was too vast for just water to fill. /I will need.../
     She looked at her reflection again, the water droplets dripping from her black hair. She had dyed it black when Scarlet moved out of town without any decent explanation "I gotta go. I will come back when I can." Was all she had ever said. She had painted it black, all but one thin lock, which she made red, Scarlet's hue, as a memento. It suited her; that natural light blonde was way too bright. The red lock looked good on the dark canvas.
     /Actually, I don't look that bad./ It was just the gloomy mood of the day after. The melancholia of the dull life left behind when the joy of ecstasy faded away. She looked just fine, that was why nobody saw anything; there was nothing to be seen. She was fine.
     Soon she would be great. Scarlet was coming to visit in a couple weeks. Skippy had arranged a partnership between the best club in town and a huge international agency; they were promising the night of the year. Everybody was going to be there, so she was coming. They would spend the whole weekend together; a little paradise lost in the river of time.
     She had everything figured out. She would take the next couple weeks clean, eat and sleep properly, get good grades on the upcoming exams, and be free and renewed by the time Scarlet made it in town. Everything was under control. All she needed now was to get rid of that constant stabbing in her brain, get over that exhaustion for the rest of the day, ger rid of that gloomy humour,  and she could rest as soon as she made it back home.
     What she needed was a good fix. Just a line would not cut it. /Blow is over anyway./ She opened her bag and took a small case out. A small dose was all that was left; it was all she needed anyway. /Better to finish it now./ She opened the case, grabbed the syringe and started to prepare the shot.
     Everything was under control.


CHAPTER IX

     A light drizzle fell from the gray sky, barely enough to make the sidewalk wet. The smoke left her mouth and ascended, wavering lethargicaly throught the thin spray of water untill it vanished into nothingness./If I could just turn into smoke./ She stood in a line, waiting to get inside the club. Her sad eyes were lost in the traffic of the busy avenue. She longed to see a cab stop and a fiery figure walk out of it, but she was growing hopeless. Scarlet was supposed to have arrived in the afternoon and met her on a pub for drinks. She never showed up. Getting in touch with her was impossible; Scarlet was not online and her lack of a cellphone was a real pain. She had sent her messages and tried to call her place but both had been fruitless. /Maybe she doesn't care after all.../
     The past weeks had been rough. Keeping her head clean, after more than a year of religiously doping herself every weekend, proved to be a greater challenge than she had imagined at first. She had managed though, well, barely. She had kept the weed on to keep her anxiety in check, but the depression had been inevitable. She had endured the days holding on to the dream of a perfect weekend. /At least now I know./
     The line moved. She trew the cigarret butt to the side and walked in, handing her fake ID and ticket to security. They scanned both and pointed her inward for inspection. She took another step and oppened her purse, flashing a false, innocent smile. There was nothing for her to worry about on it. Her stash was already inside the club. Spin was just waiting for her to get in to hand it back. Nobody ever checked a DJ gear.

*****

     Her steps were apathetic, just mechanical moves in a soulless dance. She tried to play with her hands in the air and felt ridiculous. A feeling that had never visited her again, since that first night. 
     The music was great. Spin was performing the best set she had ever heard from him. He had been preparing for this gig for months, so exited he was to do the warm up for a great label. Purple speakers filled the venue with a pristine sound. The pressure was unbelievable, so strong that small waves rippled in her drink when the bass hit. There was plenty of space to dance. Skippy had given her one of the best tables with private area as a birthday gift. Still, she was unnable to loose herself in the music. None of that brought her joy. Her steps slowed down and came to a halt. 
     "C'mon girl! Don't ya tell me that ya can't dance without a little boost." Skull teased her, trying to provoke a smille. He had been telling jokes and acting like a clown since she got there, but not even his outrageous humour managed to lift her spirit.
     "It's not that Skull... It's just..." Her voice died as her head moved around, staring at the emptness of the booth. Skippy had brought her to the table, put a bottle on it, kissed her happy birthday and disapeared. Hats texted her, saying he was to sick to get out of bed. Even Crystal had hangged around for just a few minutes and left without saying anything. /Why didn't you come Scarlet?/
     Skull held her in a brotherly embrance, only then she realized she was almost in tears. "Don't ya give me that sad face babe angel. I know ya miss her, so do I. Still early in da night though. I'm sure she'll show up. Spin be down in a moment, and back here with his girl. Skippy won't work da whole night. Gosh, maybe even Hats'll pop up with his magical bag drippig new found dope." That cracked half a laugh on her, and he grinned back with satisfaction. "I've known these druggies long enough! Be like a bunch of cats; some times ya think they don't give a fuck, next minute they all around ya making funny noises, ready to lick ya face."
     Her constricted laugh came out in a burst, but inside she was still cold. "Yeah Skull, thanks a lot for being here with me. I guess you're right; It's still early." Her face turned bland again. "I just wish I could shove my hand in that bag and find myself something to trip on while I wait."
     "Girl, I told'ya already. Some shitstorm must have hit hightown, cause there ain't a whisp of good shit anywhere." He said, raising his open hands, the grim gone into a grimace" Whatever's going on, they closed the goddam tap, and I won't go looking around to bring crap for ya to burn. Ain't worth it!" 
     He sounded like a caring older brother, and like such, he was right. She had managed to score a fill pills despite the low tide and they were crap. She had taken two already, and there was not a sliver of energy or pleasure flowing inside her. On the contrary, she felt tired, weak. Her feet seemed to be numb, so unwilling they were to dance around /What a waste of money./
     She had not told Skull anything; otherwise, he would be mad. She could almost hear his voice. "/Are ya dumb girl? Buying random dope in da dark! From people ya can't trust?/" The last thing she needed was to disapoint him. Better to take her losses quietly than look stupidy.
     Spin's warm up was likely close to an end, and she didn't want to spend her favorite's Dj set feeling like shit. /Well, I've got something that I know it's good/ She had managed to snatch some heroin from Hats' emergency stash. Convincing him had been a lot of work, but he eventualy gave in to her persistence. /Fuck this, I'm getting a fix./ Her original plan had been to save it for the afterparty, or even the next day, when nothing else hit anymore. Since nothing was working right now, she might as well go hard earlier. She was going to enjoy her party even if it meant spend the next hours slouching on the couch.
     "Hey Skull, I'm going to the washroom, see you soon Ok?"
     "Sure thing babe, will be here when you get back."
     She took her purse and started a firm walk straight to the washroom. Her mind started to muse on the incoming torrent of pleasure and calm. Her troubles and worries would soon be washed away, and she would be left flooded only by joy. As she approached the primissed door, people seemed to vanish from the side of her sight. Her vision became tunneled. The lights dimmed. The music went quiet. Her shaking, pale hand grabbed the handle of a massive black door. She pulled it open with a hopeful smile on her face and stepped in, plunging into a desolate void.

CHAPTER X

     A noise penetrated the emptiness; it was almost inaudible. The darkness was so vast, the noise so distant. Something smashing against wood. It was faint but persistent. /So far.../ She could not see nor feel anything; all that was left was the cold and the noise. /Soo cold.../ She was freezing. /Why..?/
     "Call the paramedics! We are breaking in..."
     Muffled voices in that distant world, not even a whisper coming through. /Breaking where?/ That made no sense. Smashing sounds echoing./Oh! Washroom.../ Yes, she was in the washroom, but how could that be? That place was so dark and cold.
     Something else was amiss. Something important, but she could make no sense out of it; she could not think, everything was obscured by the freezing cold. /Paramedics.../ Could someone be in danger? All she felt was cold, perhaps she should just go back to sleep. If those noises would stop.
     Something snapped, people shouted far away, but not even whispers made it through. All she could make out were some loose words.
     "...Not...Breathing...Run..."
     /Oh../ That was what she had been missing. /Air/. She had no air. She could not breathe. /Shit./ That was probably bad, she needed air to live, did she not? /Death.../ Was she going to die?
     All distant noises faded.
     All thoughts dissipated.
     Only the cold darkness remained, lingering for a time that was both infinite and nonexistent.
     And Then...
     Not even that.

DISCLAIMER

Some parts of the present story contain adult themes like: Strong language; drug use and graphic descriptions. Readers senstive to these themes might feel disturbed. Readers discretion is advised.

The actions and opinions of characters in the story does not reflect the author's opnions. The author does not encourage drug use, and consider that all drugs, both legal and illegal, are dangerous, potentialy harmful and should be treated with caution.

PROLOGUE

     He was sited in a comfortable chair, alone, in a large, empty, unlit room. Smoke rose from a forgotten cigarette in his hand. By his side, an empty whisky glass dripped sweat, the ice cubes melting very slowly in the absence of spirit. He would need to fill that up. He stared straight ahead, his eyes frozen on the television, the flashing images projecting shadows on his face. He saw nothing, his mind was elsewhere since he had heard the news.
     "The opioid crisis continues to make victims. Yesterday unveiled one of the most tragic episodes we have seen so far; a fifteen years old girl died of an overdose in the washroom of a famous coffee shop chain. The toxicology analysis is yet to be released, but the police believe it might be related to the potent painkiller called fentanyl, that has been found cut into a broad array of illegal drugs..."
     Had that been one of his? Was he to be accounted for her loss? He was no stranger to deaths and blood, but that was not his business plan. People dying on the streets was two times bad for his operation; it reduced his clientele and put the police on edge, looking for someone to blame. He also felt sad for her. Despite what people might think, he was no monster, just a human being with a very peculiar perspective of reality; a very particular moral code, with unusual references for right and wrong.
     For instance, he was a man of his word, proud of his product. If he promised heroin, he delivered heroin. If he promised cocaine, cocaine it was. But not everybody in his line of work felt the same; probably, the majority were profit driven beasts with no moral whatsoever, and that had just caused him a problem. A really big problem. He had found that the whole shipment he had just received was contaminated with that poison. Even worse, that shipment represented the bulk of his investments, he had no choice but to have it sold. 
     He watched with apprehension as her picture appeared on the tv, the long hazel hair covering most of her face. Poor girl. Maybe he was not that different from the greedy suppliers that sent him the crappy load. His moral was also limited by financial interests. He filled the glass and drank. Nevertheless, someone was going to pay. He had ordered quality, paid upfront, and received poison; that was a serious infringement of an unwritten business contract. He would sue the violating party in person. 
     He was no stranger to blood.

PROLOGUE

     The siren screamed its deafening shriek, turned to the highest level of urgency; the noise resembled the voice of death itself. His body was hauled to the side as they made a turn at daring speed. He held fast to the handle and pressed his feet hard on the floor, pushing his back against the seat to secure himself. They were making a run, a full speed sprint. Every second counted.
     The call had come in a few seconds ago. The security chief of a busy nightclub had been on the line. According to the Central, he reported a young girl with signs of a severe opioid overdose; she was not breathing, they could not find a heartbeat, and there were signs of choking and head trauma. She was getting emergency attention from the club's staff but was completely unresponsive. An extensive collection of unidentified substances had been found in her possession. The situation was as bad as it could get; right now, she was as good as dead. He was her only hope.
     His heart was running faster than the ambulance. All he could think of was his own daughter, her face pulsing on his mind. She was still too young to be out on the streets, but any day now he expected to hear her saying "May I go out with my friends? They invited me to a party." He was not one of those blind fools who thought he could keep her safe, by locking her in. He knew that would only make things worse in the long run. 
     He was not stupid either; he knew the frightening numbers of the real world, there was no way to pretend that his daughter would spend her youth free of drug-use curiosity; there was nowhere to hide. He taught her everything he could, in the hope she would learn how to keep herself safe. His tools of choice were open conversations, with real pharmacological knowledge, social data, and even straight out bluntness. He would sooner be called immoral for his comments on drugs than bury his little angel in an early grave. But there was only so much he could do. 
     The world was at war with an invincible enemy, and the consequences of the dragging battle were even worse than the extensive damage caused by the Shadow itself. An unregulated drug market was a true minefield, and even the most careful dweller could trip in a hidden trap. All the knowledge and precautions would only improve your chances to a point. No game was really safe.
     He took deep, steady breaths, focusing his mind on the procedure he would start in a moment. They were about to arrive in record timing to the scene - the driver also had a daughter. It was never supposed to be personal, but there was no way around it now; innocent children were dying in the streets, and they had to do something. He would make his sprint inside, toward her fallen body, and use all his knowledge, substances, and procedures to try and bring her back because right now she was most certainly gone.
     This was his war, death was his enemy, and he, he was the tip of the spear, fighting to vanquish oblivion itself.

     ABOUT

     This is not an introduction. There is no need to read this section before the narrative. Your understanding or enjoyment of the story won't be imppaired in any way by jumping ahead to prologue. Still, I do recommend that you read this at some point. Here I will talk brifly about me, my reasons, and intentions in writing this piece.
     I am originally from Brazil. Since my childhood I have dreamed of being a writter. Books changed my perspective of the world and I believed that through my writing I could help build a better society. Making a living as a professional writer in Brazil is an almost unnachievable dream though: people don't read much, books are usually expensive, and authors are paid poorly. Also, despite being a beatiful and charming language, Portuguese has a rather limited reach; I wanted to make my stories and thoughs acessible to as much people as possible. I needed a broader tool. I needed to write in English - a laguage that always fascinated me.
     During my teenager years I fancyed living abroad, but it was not possible at the time. In 2013, both I and my fiance had an opportunity to participate in an exange program in Canada, that would allow us to both study English in more depth and work to pay for our expenses. We took a break from our B.S. in Psychology and came to Vancouver where we lived for a year. When we went back to Brazil, we found the country stumbling into a political and economical crisis and we decided Canada was indeed the rihgt place for us to try and build a new life. We finished our graduation, married, hugged our family and friends in a propper farewell. In the summer of 2016 we departed with our minds set in not moving back.
     As part of our migration efforts I found myself with the unique chance to go back to University. With the support of my wife and family I decided it was the time to pursue my true dreams. In the Fall of 2016 I engaged in a B.A. in Creative Writting and started tacking courses in English and Linguistic, seeking an even deeper understanding of language structure and use.
     I'm a creature of habits. Everyday I wake up, shower, drink my coffee and read the news online. Soon after I came back to BC I realized there was something gruesome going on. Our beloved community was enduring an alarming drug crisis, perpetuaded mostly by a sinthetic opioid called Fentanyl. We were counting deaths daily, extrapolating the hundreds eveery mounth. While many people tend to see drug addicts in shady colors I know by experience and study that they are just people who are sick and in need of help.
     I started to read more on the subject and what I found left me heartbroken. A growing number of teenagers were dying of Fentanyl related overdose. Many of then were not even opioid users - they were just kids - using party drugs out of curiosity, trying to have a good time or numb sad feelings. Fentanyl was everywhere, reaping the lives of our sisters, brothers, sons and daughters. The stories I found hurled me into the memories of my own troubled past. The faces I saw made me think of people I knew, people who could still be helped. I had to do something, but I constricted by the lack of time, and insecurity in my own skills.
     In january 2017 I started my first course in Creative Writting. Thanks to an open-minded and creative professor, I found myself with the opportunity to work through multiple drafts in a single piece of writting during a whole semester. I counted the days, the hours I knew I would have available, and concluded I had just enough time to produce something significant. The time had come.
     During years of my early youth I struggled with depression and many kinds of addiction. I admit that I was reckless in some ocasions, and certainly dodged death by pure luck more than once. Still, luck is not the only reason I survived and managed to make my way back from a living hell to a healthy life. I was ever the curious student, and I always seeked information about everything I intended to use. I knew what the substances would do to me, how much time they would take to work, standard doses and sigs of overdose. Also, during my B.S in Psychology I took courses in neuro-phisiology, pharmacology, the history and economy of illegal drugs, and studied harm reduction. Those knowledges helped me stay alive, but only love and professional help got me out of it.
     With all that being said I must clarify something. Down the Tip of the Needle is not my personal story. I do not think the time to tell my story has come. Also, this piece is not any kind of manual on harm reduction nor does it intend to encourage the use of any kind of drugs. I do not condone the use of any illegal substances and consider both legal and ilegal drugs to be dangerous and harmful. Down the Tip of the Needle is a short story intended to inspire reflection on the themes of drug use, abuse, addicition, overdose and depression
